[CN-1206]: Add Notes to HA Documentation about Multi Member Routing (#206)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/high-availability-mode.adoc

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/hazelcast-high-availability-mode.yaml[]
----

> == High Availability Mode and Subset Routing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== High Availability Mode and MULTI_MEMBER Routing
```

> Subset routing is a client feature that a client can connect to a subset of members determined by grouping strategy. To benefit from subset routing, high availability mode must be set, because partition groups are determined depending on this parameter. Also, if the subset routing is used on client-side, in the Hazelcast CR, `exposeExternally.type` must be set to `smart`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subset routing is a client feature that allows a client to connect to a subset of members that is determined by a grouping strategy. To benefit from subset routing, you must set high availability mode, because this parameter is used to determine partition groups. Also, if the subset routing is used on client-side, `exposeExternally.type` must be set to `smart` in the Hazelcast CR.
```

> Subset routing is a client feature that allows a client to connect to a subset of members that is determined by a grouping strategy. To benefit from subset routing, you must set high availability mode, because this parameter is used to determine partition groups. Also, if the subset routing is used on client-side, `exposeExternally.type` must be set to `smart` in the Hazelcast CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MULTI_MEMBER` routing is a client feature that allows a client to connect to a subset of members that is determined by a grouping strategy. To benefit from `MULTI_MEMBER` routing, you must enable high availability mode, because this parameter is used to determine partition groups. Also, if the `MULTI_MEMBER` routing mode is used on the client-side, `exposeExternally.type` must be set to `smart` in the Hazelcast CR.
```

> Example server and client configurations to run subset routing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example server and client configurations to use `MULTI_MEMBER` routing:
```

> Example server and client configurations to run subset routing correctly:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example server and client configurations to run subset routing:
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----

> include::ROOT:example$/hazelcast-high-availability-mode-subset-routing.yaml[]

Reviewer: this file name will need changing

----

[tabs]
====
Java::
+
--
[source, java]
----

> ClientConfig clientConfig = new ClientConfig();
> ClientNetworkConfig networkConfig = clientConfig.getNetworkConfig();
> networkConfig.setSmartRouting(false);
> SubsetRoutingConfig subsetRoutingConfig = networkConfig.getSubsetRoutingConfig();
> subsetRoutingConfig.setEnabled(true);
> subsetRoutingConfig.setRoutingStrategy(RoutingStrategy.PARTITION_GROUPS);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClientConfig clientConfig = new ClientConfig();
ClientNetworkConfig networkConfig = clientConfig.getNetworkConfig();
networkConfig.getClusterRoutingConfig().setRoutingMode(RoutingMode.MULTI_MEMBER);
// PARTITION_GROUPS is the default strategy, so it does not need to be explicitly defined
networkConfig.getClusterRoutingConfig().setRoutingStrategy(RoutingStrategy.PARTITION_GROUPS);
```

----
--

XML::
+
--
[source, xml]
----
...

> <network>
>     <subset-routing enabled="true" routing-strategy="PARTITION_GROUPS"/>
>     <smart-routing>false</smart-routing>
> </network>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <network>
        <cluster-routing mode="MULTI_MEMBER">
          <grouping-strategy>PARTITION_GROUPS</grouping-strategy>
        </cluster-routing>
    </network>
```

...
----
--

YAML::
+
--
[source, yaml]
----

> network:
>   subset-routing:
>     enabled: true
>     routing-strategy: PARTITION_GROUPS
>   smart-routing: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  network:
    cluster-routing:
      mode: MULTI_MEMBER
      grouping-strategy: PARTITION_GROUPS
```
